Change open/close from function to expression (#466)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

and what outputs might result.
See [function registry](./) for more information.

> _Expressions_ can be _standalone_, or can be an _opening element_ or _closing element_.

Reviewer: If I were to make this change, I would make "element" into expression too:

```suggestion
An _Expression_ can be _standalone_, or can be an _opening expression_ or _closing expression_.
```

A **_<dfn>standalone</dfn>_** _expression_ is not expected to be paired with another _expression_.
An **_<dfn>opening element</dfn>_** is a _expression_ that SHOULD be paired with a _closing element_.

> A **_<dfn>closing element</dfn>_** is a _expression_ that SHOULD be paired with an _opening element_.

Reviewer: ... and I would do that globally...

An _opening element_ MAY be present in a message without a corresponding _closing element_,
and vice versa.

> A _message_ with a _standalone_ _expression_ operating on the _variable_ `$now`:
>
> ```
> {{$now :datetime}}
> ```
>
> A _message_ with two markup-like _expressions_, `button` and `link`,
> which the runtime can use to construct a document tree structure for a UI framework:
>
> ```
> {{button +html}Submit{button -html} or {link +html}cancel{link -html}.}
> ```

A _function_ consists of a prefix sigil followed by a _name_.
The following sigils are used for _functions_:

- `:` for a _standalone_ expression
- `+` for an _opening element_

> - `-` for a _closing element_

Reviewer: expressions here too
